movable_object.debris                             -> debris 
vehicle.bicycle                                   -> bicycle 
movable_object.barrier                            -> barrier 
vehicle.motorcycle                                -> motorcycle 
vehicle.truck                                     -> truck 
movable_object.trafficcone                        -> trafficcone 
vehicle.car                                       -> car 
human.pedestrian.adult                            -> adult 
vehicle.construction                              -> construction 
movable_object.pushable_pullable                  -> pushable_pullable 
human.pedestrian.construction_worker              -> construction_worker 
vehicle.bus.rigid                                 -> bus.rigid 
animal                                            -> animal 
static_object.bicycle_rack                        -> bicycle_rack 
vehicle.emergency.ambulance                       -> ambulance 
vehicle.emergency.police                          -> police 
vehicle.bus.bendy                                 -> bus.bendy 
human.pedestrian.child                            -> child 
human.pedestrian.police_officer                   -> police_officer 
human.pedestrian.personal_mobility                -> personal_mobility 
human.pedestrian.stroller                         -> stroller 
human.pedestrian.wheelchair                       -> wheelchair 
vehicle.trailer                                   -> trailer 


